Howdy Neighbor

Congratulations! You have just bought your first house. After all day of moving and unpacking, you sit yourself down on your nice cozy couch to get a nice quick power nap in.
But as soon as you begin nodding off, you hear your new neighbor knocking on your door. With excitement you rush to the door to greet your new neighbor. But as ss you open the door... you realize he's drunk and has no pants on and looks
like a pedophile. You quickly shut the door as you don't want anything to do with him. The neighbor becomes quite feisty and yells, "YOU WILL RUE THE DAY YOU MESSED WITH THE CONQUISTADOR!" and urinates on your door.
So begins the neighbor war...

Day 1.

Drug Neighbor's dog with a sleeping pill.
Opponent takes 3 mental damage

Host Loud Party
You gain 3 mental life from having fun, opponent takes 3 mental damage from not being able to sleep entire night.

Call Cops on Neighbor
Opponent takes 2 mental damage. If neighbor has played 'Host Loud Party' this turn, opponent takes 4 mental damage instead.

Show off your hot boy/girlfriend to neighborhood
You gain 4 mental life, opponent takes 2 mental damage

Show off your new car in the driveway
You gain 5 mental life, opponent takes 1 mental damage.

Slash Neighbor's Car Tire
Neighbor takes 3 mental damage. If neighbor has played 'Show off your new car in the driveway", opponent takes 6 mental damage instead.

Pour superglue into your neighbor's door keyhole.
Neighbor takes 4 damage.

Accidentally start a fire while grilling outside.
You take 10 damage as your house burns, your neighbor takes 8 damage as his house gets caught in the fire too.

Hack into neighbor's wifi router and change the wifi password.
Neighbor takes 4 damage.

Eat a durian
You take 1 damage, your neighbor takes 3 damage from the pungeont smell he is not a fan of.

Leave flaming brown bag with dog poop on neighbor's front door.
Neighbor takes 3 damage, but you also take 2 damage from the smell radiating over to your house.

Toilet paper your neighbor's house.
Neighbor takes 3 damage, but you also take 1 damage from the physical exertion and wasting your money.

You've had it, you sell your house.
You don't really win because you didn't get the best of your neighbor when in fact you lose because your neighbor got the better of you. Quitters never win. Game Over.

Fill neighbor's pool with 

Steal your neighbor's Amazon delivery





Print total damage dealt and total damage gained
